forbe selects the 100 best
content creators among which are
auron Play plex or juna Clark
greev starts the second extensible in
the history of his channel and receives some
surprise visits controversial statements
from Rubius criticizing a waitress
set the networks on fire delox just
accused Dallas on Twitter of having
tried to kill him on the other hand Ricky
has spent the night making fun of
liip's tumor in relation to his fight
against Dallas and we continue with the bread
verso and it is that RAE also cont continues
her fight with Dallas and this time they
both accuse each other of abuse
cristinini Comment A crazy night with
imantado in which they went out for drinks
after the Rubius event and auron follows her again
and joining don't get me
wrong talking about auron
Play also gemita seems to want a new
approach with him she will get all
this and much more here on your
favorite gossip channel What's up my kids
welcome one more day to the Channel today there is no
live But we have a lot here
gossip So get comfortable and let's get
to it because all the gossip we have
in this video is going to leave us indifferent
And they don't let us rest today
we had live on telesalseo
also videos and video on the
main channel So stop by
there too you know that I'm Javi oliveira
telesalseo la salsería and follow me
also on Twitter and on instagram you have
gossip for a while I won't go on any longer because I
have a lot to tell you get comfortable
and let's get to it
gref has started and is
currently doing what will be
the second extendable in the history of
his channel related to the new
dragon ball video game that has
come out never in my life have I made an
extendable focused on a game there will
be a counter that will go down
but you will control it and the
live broadcast will end in two different ways
either when the counter reaches zero or
when I complete the game the rules are as
follows the subscription will increase by
20 seconds the counter [ __ ] grez How
little I remind you of what happened last
time there is no need for me to remind you that  I was
live for a month so shut up
now well in the extendable we had a
special moment the Super Saiyan moment
the Ultra instinct moment and here it will be here too
the extendable live will
start tomorrow at 5 in the afternoon with
a one hour counter if you manage to
hold that counter until 7 it will be the
first Ultra instinct of the extendable it
means that for 20 minutes and
during those 20 minutes the subscription will
not count double 40 seconds
seemed too much to me it will count one minute
triple it is 20 minutes in which you
can screw me I saw it but if you are not in
those 20 minutes [ __ ] you in
fact yes gr has made
life a bit complicated the extendable and it has
gotten out of hand with this offer
the first Ultra instinct of the
[Music]
extendable begins nobody has given away 100 because
if not I block it oh my god and these
alerts that are going to be coming out for a
long time of course It's that I have
no idea but we're going to
be here mimo Until 3 in the  tomorrow
and tomorrow We're going to continue at 3 in the
afternoon and I said that if I didn't arrive on time I
was going to add 12 hours I'm starting
to get overwhelmed man and this preparing for the
physical challenge I'm going to curse my [ __ ] life
man I'm going to curse my [ __ ] life
Okay that's it At least he's really liking the new
Dragon Ball Sparking game I
curse my [ __ ] mother
guys Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh super sa son
Goku Super Saiyan intermediate I mean
within Super Saiyan there are several in the
phase one of Super Saiyan what the [ __ ]
Super Saiyan god Super Saiyan Blue Ah
this is Goku from Super boys he beat
Rubius using Mr. Satang and he doesn't give a damn
Oh my God Broly Oh my God Broly
Oh my God Broly Look at what a
chubby and muscular son of a [ __ ] bof bof whis must
be very cheated man whis must
be extremely cheated look baby
dude from Dragon Ball GT look sen ron 2
Dragon Ball GT historically
underrated This is kefla no kefla
will be here there  this is kefla guys the
[ __ ] fusion Look at the [ __ ] mole
ceta super saian 4 I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] and
this will be Ultra instinct 100% There
is Ultra Kame jame Ha in fact
somewhere in the video game he has come to
lose his nerves eh [ __ ] really
all the time covering himself I [ __ ] on your
[ __ ] mother you even have the Jones I
swear to God And why can't I
dodge this now If before I dodged it all
the time I can't dodge this [ __ ] and
before I dodged it all the time and I've done
this again for real if Vu is going to
use that technique that doesn't affect him
the extensible ends [ __ ] beating
is extensible lower the
difficulty do you think I'm going to lower the
difficulty on my [ __ ] game it would be
like cutting off my dick hand and
head [ __ ] a
long time but oh well not everything is going to be negative
also received
in his own Setup with the visit of this
friend that there are some guys outside they say that you
owe him money be it they have touched the house
where my money is not going to you
pay I'm not going to pay you money so you know he owes me money take it up the ass Random event I owe you I don't understand anything this news is quite controversial and I need you to tell me what you guys think It turns out that a clip of Rubius has gone viral in which he comments that the other day at the
party he organized after the
in-person Fortnite event he had to call
the attention in a certain way to a
waitress who was being according to Rubius
unpleasant with the guests according to
Rubius the waitress was being
quite rude with the guests and there came
a time when he called her
attention and told her to tone it down a couple of
notches I don't know what you all think about
this controversy because it's also true
that it's de Rubius's word against
nobody's I mean it's his word and
we just have to believe it
really what happens to me is that I have
worked before in other things before
dedicating myself to this and to be able to live from this
comfortably that I live and the truth is I
feel privileged I have been
working long hours putting up with a lot of
people facing the public in a factory
waking up at 4  in the morning
putting in a lot of hours for little
money and the truth is I really respect the
people who are working and the day they
may have then I don't know if it's
a very very very serious thing I try not to
humiliate him I try to treat him with
a lot of respect have a lot of patience
too and I don't know it gives me a lot of things I try to
make the day as best as possible for the
people who are working so in that
sense Well I don't know what you guys think
yes it's true that man of course
yes He was treating customers badly we have to
stop we have to give him a tap on the wrist
because you are paying for a service
but I don't know to what extent it will be like that no or was it
a joke from a kid who is not
used to working and who has a
lot of money and it's heard more out
there but well you guys tell me what you
think yes this in a place everyone was
very nice well there was a waitress
pas lda I'm not usually like that okay but I'm
going to tell it the waitress yes there was a
waitress who was an idiot treated
everyone horribly she had an air of
superiority okay she was passing by like she was
passing by the corridors and she was all the
time in a like  disgusting like
and like speaking badly to people you know to
the guests and it happened the third
time and I told her lower the
bulls that I'm the one who pays for this and since then since then since then I'm really nice for some reason I changed my chip But look I'm not one to say these things and I'm very a person that I think it's something of the Norwegian blood you know like I keep
things quiet a lot and and I don't usually say
anything but that chick was being a
complete rude and [ __ ] with
everyone she was really mean to
people with people Plus she was having a
good time and such that I understand I
understand because I've seen it you know there are
people who treat the waiters very badly
and they are all the time yelling at them speaking
badly to them sweating and speaking in their
ear like but nobody was
doing that to them dude everyone was
super civilized calm standing delos
continues his Crusade against Dallas review
And look it's been a while since Dallas
mentioned him after what happened with
nimu's dog like a week
ago and it seemed that delos
suddenly too after the last video
that  we did on the main channel which
by the way I have to answer because he
told me he was going to sue me I was
a bit lost he was focused I don't know if
on cryptocurrency Or what he's
doing but the truth is that he had
n't been heard from for days Well now he
has come out to publicly denounce in
this tweet that you are going to see below
that Dallas has sent him or was
thinking of hiring hitmen to get
rid of him and when I talk about
Dallas hitmen I'm not talking about this
Dallas I have spoken with him privately It's a
bad plan he insults you threatens you
extorts you tells you he's going to send
hitmen to your house Javi Oliveira well it's
more of the same he is a
Dallas hitman he is I mean let's see if I understand he
just said that Dallas sends a hitman
The Hitman
I think it's more than evident that this
little dance has deserved that you subscribe and
that you leave a like to continue with the
video Dallas has tried to kill us
me and a companion two people who
recently lived with Daniel in the
airbnb in France witnessed
how Dallas and Fernando  Urdaneta
initiated proceedings to
assassinate me Dallas and Fernando Urdaneta
contacted Venezuelan hitmen,
Fernando's direct contacts, so they could
eliminate me and another
content creator who is exposing
Dallas' crimes. The testimony
of all the witnesses who have
communicated the news to me specifically states that
Dallas shared my
exact personal address, entry method, and
technical information about the cameras and
general security of the building. If you're
wondering why we're still alive, the
answer is simple, they only
offered
2,000 for my head and my partner's. They
also wanted to scam them. I have
a feeling that this wasn't said. If at
any time
I appear or have had an accident, let it be known that I
love my life and that I, personally, have never
wanted to end it.
At that moment, the brownie had
done half of the effect. I also have
a video of when it did the full effect.
[Music]
Apart from the joke, obviously,
I think this is something they're
preparing, some of
their plots, not like when they tried to pay
some girls to take them to Andorra and
introduce them to  surprise to Dallas in
that face-to-face debate with Ricky for
which he suddenly forgot about the
restraining order that he had invented. I
think this is more than evidently something
planned apart from being very stupid and
ridiculous like everything that is invented, it
becomes very strange, the truth is that you receive the
information that they want to kill you
cones And you instead of reporting to the
police station, go immediately to
file a report and notify the
authorities, you start posting a tweet
with an emoji and some texts in
bold. Well, if you ask
Delo, surely what he will
answer is that he found out later than
3 in the afternoon and then the
police station was closed and he could not file
the report as I was telling you,
obviously this is some plot that they
are spinning with some
old messages from Dallas Where he has threatened
people, they must be doing something to
continue talking about Dalan yesterday
precisely while he was live, he
accidentally leaked it that he was talking
privately with Delo, first in private
only with him and after finishing
talking with Delo he met in a group
delox  Nitro and him to talk
about dala surely because I don't think these people
talk about anything else lol lol lol lol lol he
had a conversation with delox and
after having the conversation with
delox he made a group to talk
to delox and Nitro dude It doesn't fail dude I mean they do
n't fail I mean to talk about the latest
Disney movie I don't think they have
met Ultimately delo says that the
hitmen's work was frustrated
because they didn't want to do that job for
only 2000 practically I understand that
when the hitmen met
Venezuelan hitmen with delo they
found themselves in the following situation
I have two very important reasons one is
called a slap in the face and the other
nothing has happened here okay I see that you
understand me the good thing about Dallas is that getting
bored well he can't get bored he
doesn't have time in the last few days
Ricky has turned his Twitter account
into a kind of cani tillero or Javi the
canine or a hater account of these that you
already know the truth is that
we are beginning to see the decline of
Ricky and how he's getting frustrated and
eating his head and obsessing
too much about having ended up like this
in that debate with Dallas apart from
having done a live show in which he keeps
repeating 28,000 times please don't let it
be clear in the debate I won I won I
okay that no matter how
many times you repeat a lie you're not going to
turn it into a truth we all saw what
happened and it's recorded So I
can call you a rapist Don't worry from
now on for me you're a rapist
Daniel José Don't worry no because you
yourself have said that you raped me
you are a rapist Apart from
calling him a rapist in that live show he
starts making fun of not only
Dallas but his entire family here for
example you are seeing a kind of
accusation of an insect when his sister
with his sister when she was younger I think
everyone understands what he is
insinuating in this disgusting capture that
I am censoring but he is not worth it here
the other day he started to give credibility
to the accusations that
the ex-partners have made against Dallas  then here I see
that they have tried to put a
community note but surely his
followers will have fought so that it is not
put up finally it is invented that this
photograph belongs to Dallas
himself He is on vacation in Dubai and that is why he
invented a medical excuse
to not debate him in person because he was
afraid and he invents outright
that Dallas at this moment Is on
vacation in Dubai with a photograph
from April would never have been But this thing that it would
never have been because you did not
have the courage to upload you are very little
man and you did not want to upload because you were
afraid of having me in front of you in a
debate man I really I mean I do not know how are you
going to man How are you going to say that man
Why do you reject a debate in person with
Dallas I do not want to give him the opportunity
to have me in front of you Why are you afraid
I am a coward Yes yes cl but yes yes because
because I [ __ ] because I [ __ ] that a
guy wants to rip my legs off
take my limbs off send me to the
cemetery and take everything out of place if
one day he sees me on the streets of
Andorra fear says the guy who filed a
complaint for Zeus who filed a complaint
a year and  peak after
the crime has already expired to have the paper
to show it to his kids but he
's making up a
restraining order so he doesn't meet up with him dude
How are you going to [ __ ] with those balls and get out
of here this dude would never have happened
because you didn't have the courage to come up you're
very very little man and you didn't want to come up
because you were afraid of having me in front of you in
a debate I'm a coward Yes yes here about
the girl who came out on Twitter the other
day accusing her girlfriend of having
flirted with Ricky with her
boyfriend and then finally picked up cable and
here accuses Dallas of having
made it up he micropenis lem here he starts
saying that Dallas has tried to flirt
with that girl who at first was
accusing his girlfriend and her boyfriend and then
suddenly magically here he gets into
his insecurity and with
Dallas's physique he doesn't see me either what you
've done has been host the eyes What's
wrong with him where does he look with his
physique
Oh okay Sorry let's continue let's continue Oh sh Au
this one had surgery for this eh careful this one
operated wing wing wing but it's not
only that they slipped it to him with pambi They
also slipped it in at the kirov this
is historical madness well let's continue let's continue
LoL the eyes I keep this one
too this one has to be saved this one has to be
saved if nothing else but that
this guy touches the dick It's that
Remember that I put him in the operating room
here apart from insulting me it reminds me
that I'm 40 years old Here he begins to
humiliate Lizy because of the issue that Lizy has
taken sensual photos that I don't
understand why he humiliates Lizy for this
both Lali and her current partner have also
done it we'll see you know what we
won't see that my girlfriend gets paid to be
able to have certain conversations with
her or see them on all fours in lingerie we will
never see that in your case
we can't say the same in the title of
his live well and during the live on
several occasions he accuses Lisy of having
been unfaithful to Dallas and Dallas in
response of mistreating her by contract and
here basically Well he begins to make fun
of Liy's tumor  which is the
medical problem that he had to look at and
that's why he had to travel to Madrid, he
doubts it and now he says that Dallas
is happy that his girlfriend has a
tumor and that while his girlfriend has
a tumor she is paying attention to him So I
hope that one day he will look at you how
happy he is Look how happy he is that his
girlfriend is next to him with a tumor and he
is dedicating time to me look how
happy he is I will get him to solve it come on
a hug clown and I hope you continue
giving the same the same pity and continue
being the same ridiculous that you always know what a
crack crack things as they are something else
no but crack you have to call it
Honestly the issue of liy's tumor which
is something that I don't know why he
doubts because it wasn't even
something that Lizzy hadn't commented on
some occasions about the
health problems that she has and on her channel
recently she also said that she had this
quote but I don't think it is a reason to
attack another creator with whom you
are fighting just like I said yesterday in
the live that I didn't think
Dallas's comment was fortunate, I think
the comment is outrageous  Dallas
did to ra while he was fighting with him
in discord messages these are things
that make you look bad even if you are
doing it to hurt the other
you are looking bad but I do not understand the
comparison that while you were
saying that what Dallas
did was an excuse not to debate with you you wanted dalla to go to the debate no matter what was happening in his family and now that you know the reason you blame him for answering you while he is in the car, I mean, answering you in the car
while the girlfriend has a tumor bad
but that she was in Andorra to debate
with you well because you think that would have
changed the result of the debate
and was also part of it as
my followers told me yesterday while we
were live listen to me there is a
super chat that has not been read because I do not
know why what Javi says Ricky says that
Dallas does not pay attention to Lizy in
such a delicate moment and when Lali
had a suicide attempt and was
hospitalized he took her out of the hospital to
do a series on Dallas has
published here well some are putting
these drawings the editor is okay one of them
has to  put censored because
well he has drawn well or he has
drawn or he liked the drawing that
a fan made of Dallas giving him
a [ __ ] I don't understand it much but
well here 4 hours ago he posted another
tweet with frames of Dallas going out with his
eyes over here he messes with Ink Kai
for taking a picture with Dallas and with
lysis over here he messes with his surgeons
again here he puts a capture from the
year 2014 of Dallas fighting with Ingrid
here he celebrates that the most
reproduced parts of one of his last
videos have been these in which he
messes with Dallas's eyes and this has
been the thumbnail of the video that he
uploaded today about Leim's tumor anyway
on the other hand and continuing with the guy
RAE is fighting with Dallas and Dallas
with RAE are accusing each other of
abuse I attest and I am a witness of how
sick of a [ __ ] Reed is he
insulted us and yelled at everyone out of nowhere that's why we
stay away from him he is an
abuser even with his current girlfriend
who is like he is not a saint
either  worse is what happened to the mother I just found out
that his mother went to jail to
cover him up for a bank fraud crime
that she committed in Venezuela
to save her son from jail from a
man who was being opened in Venezuela and
died of cancer in prison for that Raid
should never see the light of day
again the only abuser is him the only
the only abuser is him who not
only mistreats her
yelling at her because he
put a chocolate bar inside
her purse and it melted from the
heat but also
psychologically forces her to have
sex with people she doesn't even
like 31 years old and says
this poor, unhappy worm has 170 IQ my
cowardly tom my mother lived a
full life full of love lived and died in
total freedom because she was never even
close to committing a crime in her time on
this Earthly plane they are the
saddest thing all they are going to go and say this
disgusting piece of [ __ ]
yes sadistic piece of [ __ ] that spends all
day looking to do  threesomes with people
that I'm an abuser when he
has his girlfriend submissive forcing her to
do threesomes with guys that the girl doesn't
even like because they said in
front of us that they should [ __ ] a chick
forced because oh no now since she was
here since she was here then we
have it what else didn't she look better in the photos it
was a photo trap But well
since she's here then we're going to have a
threesome with her and this piece
of pig is going to say that I am an abuser
Unlike what you experience
in your miserable existence full of hate
resentment complexes
spiritual disconnection manipulation of friends and
strangers geeky fetishes a lack of
empathy And of course a long list
of crimes of all kinds that force you to
jump from country to country and hide your
true whereabouts Poor those
few who are still subdued and
forced to have to live with a
being as despicable as you alone I
wish that one day you can free yourself from
having to spend the most valuable years of
your lives having to inhale the stench
of the entire  stench emanating from your
vomitous being you piece of Nano pig are you going
to say that I'm a scoundrel and that
I'm a when you because Simply well
this is cool what else do we have to take well let
's do the disgusting disgusting piece
of [ __ ] disgusting threesome to come and give our
opinion on other people's relationships
this piece of dwarf pig Ah to come and give our
opinion that if I that if you that if a
photo in the pool you piece of scum you
told me in front of your girlfriend that they
got one that they didn't even like you're
going to deny it you're going to deny that you told me that you
piece of nanoc you told me Oh [ __ ]
Well in the photo she looked decent but
when she arrived a girl arrived that
we didn't like But anyway since
we're here Like every year Forbes magazine, a
very famous category magazine, has
selected those who for them and
according to the public are also the 100
best content creators of the year and
we have representation on both Twitch
and YouTube auron Play Rubius Jordi
Wild juna clar Nilo heda  bairus I am
plex and masi are among the
first I already want you in the
comment box putting me if you
would have added someone else to this
list or if you would have taken someone out of here
to put someone else on the occasion of the
meeting that all the creators had
the other day for the Rubius fortnite in-person event
we have had
many anecdotes that
some of them have told us and let's go have a shot we're going to have a I don't know what we're going to have I don't
know how much we're going to have the
mother of all who gave birth to him then of course I said no
dude I mean since I wanted like already
Shots and I say Shots I don't say Look
if you want we can take another Cuba Libre because I
think I can hold it I'll take a shot I
'll
tell you I swear come on you're not going to say no I don't know what yes I'm going to say no I mean yes I'm going to say
no
because I swear I know myself I take a
shot I throw up and I have to go to I
was telling him I say You want me to go to
sleep or whatever  you want me to go to the
room because that's what's going to happen, I mean, I
know specifically one of the
most viral and most talked about has been the
after let's call it after
Cristinini with and Manado And it seems that
both of them got together to continue having
drinks after and they were going from
place to place to get
another drink and I would also mention that
Auron has followed her on Twitter eh If you
want we can have a rum and coke no no no cool no I mean it's not that I like
a rum and coke better than a
shot you know and I said then you said
okay come on let's get a drink no no no it's that we did
n't get to order the
rum and coke because when we went to order
the bar was already closed and they didn't
let us order but of course then if we do
n't go somewhere else we go to I don't know
what we go to I don't know how much blah blah bli bli
Blah
and the moment that I'm going to reserve for
us who also have the right to
have privacy the creators and
suddenly the sun came out and I said but what
the [ __ ] do I have to go in N and talking
about  auron It seems that this photograph of auron has gone viral
and has stirred up a lot of hornets' nest
and it's not because it
looks great but because of the like that you
are seeing down there that appears
there and it seems that he would no longer
be blocked with gemita gemita
would have given him a like on her part gemita
from her WhatsApp group would have
tried to calm the rumors a bit
Although I sincerely think that that
like was done on purpose so that
people notice and commenting is what
stirs up the hornets' nest, I mean, I think
this has been a bit of a stir up the
hornets' nest But oh well Likewise, me
personally I mean, I could be wrong
just like I was wrong at the beginning
when there were rumors that something was going on
between gemita and Auro and in the video I
made on the main channel I didn't give it
importance later Finally it was
a breakup here I could be wrong But
honestly I would be very surprised if
auron had something with gemita again
But well, here in the world of
streamers you already know that anything
can happen and well, gorgeous, here
we leave the video  today I think it was not a
small thing so I hope
you liked it a lot what I am
going to ask you please is that
everyone who is
watching this video press the
subscribe button and the like button see you
tomorrow with much more bye
[Music]
handsome Oh